Sutton's childhood friend and former
teammate Vinick calmly says he's been
left hurt by such as retirement calmly
complains that there was no mention of
him in the farewell speech and that such
wasn't there for him when he needed him
the most you note the you know you would
have seen in a suchan's last game on TV
a you heard the farewell speech
everyone's wondering why one part of the
reception party you know dire thoughts
whether first of all because was Lamar
all we can say that I'm deeply hurt and
very sad because the favor speech as
well him the end of the era such a
broker so it was no I was expecting I
was expecting because he thanked a lot
of lot of his teammates his family then
who say wow I know he's been associated
so I was expecting because I was
expecting my name because I thought no
the world record party but then after
the favors pitcher there was another
shocking thing came up or that was the
invitation he invited all his close
friends his best friend's his teammates
the Indian team was there
a lot of them from the other other
celebrities were invited but me and me
and my family was not not on at least so
we were little upset about it we were
very disturbed and we were sad in fact
so because how come we were not invited
because I've been a part of his life
same time I started knowing such and
when he was just in his old so we I was
we had a very long partnership and I'm
not talking on field of the field as
well because we are shared a lot of good
times and I've been always been there
whenever he needed me I've always been
there in his good times and even in bad
time so all all I can set up till now
and he'd forgotten he has completely
completely forgotten me because all I
can say that I think after such kasama
we haven't spoken to each other we have
not seen each other's face till now